chore: sponsors list fix. (#2175)
docsifyjs/docsify: README.md

## Sponsors

> Thx for supporting this project！:heart: [[Become a sponsor](https://opencollective.com/docsify)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support this project by becoming a sponsor. Your logo will show up here with a link to your website. :heart: [[Become a sponsor](https://opencollective.com/docsify)]
```

Author: I think make this content similar to `backer` is better.

> Thx for supporting this project！:heart: [[Become a sponsor](https://opencollective.com/docsify)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you for supporting this project！:heart: [[Become a sponsor](https://opencollective.com/docsify)]
```
